## Mongo


###mLab
mLab is a Database-as-a-Service for MongoDB, a no-SQL database. To get started with mLab, you must first create a mLab account. When that’s complete, you can a database for our Sigfox generated data.

####Database Subscription

On your account’s Home page, click the “Create new” button.
Make all the desired selections and fill in the requested fields.
**Make sure to choose the Sandbox/Fee option**
Create a new database called **sigfox_data** with the following configuration:

- cloud provider: Amazon, location: EU(Ireland)
- plan: Single Node, Sandbox (free)
- database name: sigfox_data

Review your choices and when you’re ready, click the “Submit Order” button.
Your new deployment should be listed on your account’s Home page.
You will now be able to navigate to its home (administrative) page.


###MongoDB

Use NPM to install mongobd in your Node application:

```bash
npm install -S mongodb
```

It would be a good idea to externalise your authentication credentials in a config file. Create a new config file called *config.js* in the sigfoxMqtt folder and enter the following:
~~~javascript
var config = {};

config.dbUser ='YOUR_USER' ;
config.dbPassword = 'YOUR_PASSWORD';

module.exports = config;
~~~

Every time data is recieved from Sigfox backend, the service should insert the data into a mongo Collection. Modify our router POST function in </router/index.js> to include the following code:
```javascript
...
var config = require("../config.js");
var MongoClient = require('mongodb').MongoClient;
// Connection URL. GET THIS URL FROM YOUR mLAB database admin page
var url = 'mongodb://'+config.dbUser+':'+config.dbPassword+'@YOUR_DB.mlab.com:21965/sigfox_data';

...

/* POST data */
router.post('/data', auth.basicAuthentication, function(req, res, next){
    console.log("POST: " + JSON.stringify(req.body));

    // Use connect method to connect to the Server
    MongoClient.connect(url, function(err, db) {
        console.log("Connected to DB");
        var collection = db.collection('sensor_data');
        collection.insertOne(
            req.body, function(err, result) {
                console.log("Inserted document into the sensor_data collection");
                res.send("Post Successful");
            });
    });
});

...

```
You now have a server that will store incoming data from Sigfox callbacks in a data store (MongoDB).
Test the service with your Rest client and check that the data is correctly stored in the database.